opening of the center banias with 7 3
within the center
is 4 and 5 of 4 as if it were a car of the saints is the group of 4 that here in the
place to give the tone yesterday 4
the white ones can affect c3 this was a kid from the table
the cambito of the center
it is very risky accepts all the cards the rules can refuse to enter
in the key with 10 5 simply
after tomasi a 3
which does not seem so scarce in the white house - ruled too
c4 service
but it is very risky in new chorus - it was a game for example of five
return material developing as fast as possible
But you're late.
complete with being taken and 2
and after being evicted kings
the wing I made other is risky are two pillars
but the position
of the measures is very worrying
the lack of the ex-party youth placed from each one
neide completely means to attack by the Saturday column the reign of the lady
through b3
of this very dangerous situation of the blacks
if we think about it
in this initial position and at this moment
has an initial role
summarizing the pawn said that the 7
so here for example squid is considered
want to play the tournament goes from 5
let's suppose they deserve to go with the horse without wanting to give back
no material
it turned out 3
sorry 4
horse day 2
horse took 4 excitedly ate another pawn
now with three points of advantage
horse took 3 horse so the sectors
we dispute c3
incredible
but the improvements are almost lost 2
for example if the court
fourth mass magic
g7
g6
the mother almost can not avoid a great
a great game years
I already told you where you are late.
sidão today 50 measures the passage of the band
I'll write a check
now resides off the track of 4 7
16 this takes six checks
made brilliant if it takes six of the year takes six checks followed by death
in the back row with tortures
being and gave eight other side
s4 from mother bed
refused field and we already counted 615 g4
accept the part counts an outlet
c4 says take g7
has no defense also to climb
immortal dispersants here
the reaction in the torrinha fell 8
if it is accepted that a project director with the shirt 4
I listen to mediaset
attacking torture today 8
then g4
the sacrifice of slowness is once again that every fight in the g4 espersen smart
very risky accepts all material without privileging the development
that's why you have 5
is considered the correct line
let's see the departure of actor and steal anderson in the united states in
after christ dc
the risk of four checks
developing very fast
creative
horse and 6
from mother to four checks
finished 6 copper defend mixed
it was disputed 6 check
so soft 6
and now the plants can blame
ps3
playing on the 4km bike or wrong in the lack of development
drama gave a check
damiao
space and check
kavala 2
the photo of the moment took back after pistone to two checks
can not play the mystery of the cava of the region
lady is a magician from that headline in question
development against